Welcome to Ack!Mud 4.3.1!!

Now that you've successfully untarred the mud, you'll want to do a few
things to help you along.  In the /src dir, there are some adjustments you
will want to make:  The config.h file contains user customizable strings,
take a look.

Also, you'll need to determine if you are no a Free BSD system, or a generic
*nix OS.  There are seperate Makefiles and startup scripts for each.  Be
sure to copy the appropriate version for your OS into the main filenames,
for example, on a Linux system:
cp Makefile.unix Makefile
cp startup.new startup.unix

Edit the port number in your startup.new script for the port you want to use
for your mud.

If you are familiar with the IMC config file, you may hand edit it, or you
can configure it once online.  If you do not currently have an IMC hub
connection, email webkeep@ackmud.nuc.net to receive a connection.

Once you have edited config.h, and copied the appropriate OS version files,
cd to your ackmud/src dir, and type make.  You should get a clean make, with
no errors _or_ warnings...if not, please let Zenithar know of any problems.
Once your make is complete, again from the /src dir, type:
./startup.new &

You will get a message, hit return.  Your mud should now be running!
Telnet to the address and port of your mud, and connect with the name
Creator and hit return when it asks for a password if you are running a
non-bsd system, or use Creatorbsd and the password creator if you are on a
bsd OS.  This is the admin pfile, and should only be used to create your own
admin character.  Once you have successfully logged in, create another ( new
) character, log them in, then with the Creator char, type setc
<yournewcharname> war 84, then type imtlset <yournewcharname> +all, then
type setc <newchar> war 85.  At this point, the Creator pfile is no longer
required, and should be deleted from the shell to avoid security problems.

Enjoy ack 4.3.1, please be sure to notify Zenithar with any errors/bugs, and
consider both our web site: http://ackmud.nuc.net  and the ack-admin mailing
list ( ack-admin@ackmud.nuc.net ) as sources of information.

Zenithar
Zenithar@ackmud.nuc.net